improved readme (#11)
Akshay0701/food_delivery_app: README.md

# Food Delivery App
![](banner.png)

> The food ordering & delivery application is designed based on the real-life scenario. Anyone can use this code for their own purpose. If you are interested please make your contribution to the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a food ordering & delivery application built with a flutter framework and firebase real-time database. 
Anyone can use this code for their own purpose. If you are interested please make your contribution to the code.
```

IMO we should provide information about the framework used to build this application,

What do you say?

Author: I agreed

- Simple UI for food delivery app's

> - Use SQLite to store order data in a local database 

Reviewer: the previous sentence was also right, 

but anyway Thanks for the improvement!

License
-------
[GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/ankidroid/Anki-Android/blob/master/COPYING)  

> 

Reviewer: is there any reason for removing this line?

Author: actually this line is not necessary in the documentation at end, so i removed it
